americarna is in Hollywood checking out
scene-stealing movie cars for nearly 40
years great Claridge's creations have
had a starring role spread over 8 and
1/2 acres his company cinema vehicles
creates automobiles that are well known
in the American movie culture Terminator
movies in the die hard movies and stuff
like Robocop's television side The Dukes
of Hazzard Herbie the lovebug movies
doing those cars those were fun to do
and then Corsi all Wayne's World cars
you know the old gremlins and stuff like
that
make it a limousine out of a gremlin you
know we get could have a lot of fun
sometimes
more recently stuff like gone in 60
seconds created another icon there with
Eleanor that may be the most iconic
movie car at least of this generation
certainly of this generation gone in 60
seconds as a car heist film where they
steal 50 cars in one night Nicolas Cage
was supposed to be the star but Eleanor
a pewter 1967 Mustang Fastback steals
the show there was one of the few cars
that when I saw the drawing we when we
got the design photo I looked at my lab
wow this will be fun to build no matter
what a project calls for fiberglass
metal carbon fiber you name it cinema
vehicles can take a car from concept to
reality quickly with their turnkey
fabrication shop their biggest challenge
is what all car guys struggle with our
biggest challenges so far always time
you know it's we get some of the
silliest production times you've ever
seen it's you know like going back to
Khurana 60 seconds the build called on
that was for ten cars we had seven weeks
to build ten cars
you also supply fleets like fleets of
police cars fleets of cabs how do you
how do you handle something like that
well it's a constant changing process
you know you know white police cars
could be a Baltimore police car today it
could be a Arizona police car tomorrow
same thing with a black and whites could
be LAPD today
something different tomorrow we have one
TV showing in particular Criminal Minds
which is basically a group of crime
solvers and they travel the u.s. so
every episode they're in a new locale so
you're constantly changing the graphics
on this car or painting it different for
that locale whatever the case may be
catch an all-new episode of Americana
Tuesday at 10 on velocity